Xia Pig this bitch
He can also come to the Governor's Palace
I heard that this summer pig
I have been very close to Xi Shao recently
Xi Shao shouldn't treat him lily
You must not let this fox spirit go.
You can do it with a garbage sweeper
Shameless
Humph
Is it still cold?
It's okay, I think I'd better go back first
You came to the party on purpose
Why go back?
My dress is so wet
I'll just make a fool of myself at the party
It's just a skirt. It's simple.
Give this lady a new dress
Old man, who are you?
Xi Shao has kept you waiting.
Isn't the Shen family here?
Why are you here?
Xi Shao, what do you mean?
I heard that the governor specially invited us today
I even got dressed up
Come and stay
The governor's style is mysterious
Be careful not to cause trouble and sacrifice
What do you mean?
How could I possibly cause trouble?
By the way, what about the governor? Miss Zhu is here.
How could he be dressed like this?